readme.md, before:

# TimeKeeper #

Version 2.0.1

A timekeeper plugin for vim to track you using automatically.

## Introduction ##

This is a git plugin that will track the time you spend working on a project.

This plugin will keep track of the time spent in the editor. Will
try and workout how much time is being spent on the current activity,
and it will track this data by project and the specific job within that project.

The times that are collected from the editor are stored in a simple comma separated timesheet.
This should make it easy to use and import into different tools. It will stored
by default in the $(HOME)/timesheet.tmk. This is obviously configurable.

This plugin will also allow for the timesheet data to be added as a
git note. This will allow for the time to be read by software that
can read the contents of these notes.

The git notes are only added to the current branch for the current 
job, hopefully this will reduce the problems that git-notes have with
push/branching and merging.

The plugin will find other instances of vim with the plugin loaded, and the first one to load
will become the master server. All other instances will send there updates to the server. If the
current server disappears then the first to notice will become the new server. This will reduce
the chance of two instances losing time updates from other servers.

If you set up the git hooks that are provided, the timekeeper will also amend you commits to
allow for the timetracking information to be added to the end of your commits. This is in the
format that Redmine time tracking can read.

## Installation ##

Simply copy the contents of the plugin directory to the plugin directory in your git installation.

You can leave the configuration variables alone as these have sensible defaults and if you
put the following line in your .vimrc the timekeeper will start when you start typing:

    call TimeKeeper_StartTracking()

It would be a good idea to map the to toggle function to a key, i.e.:

	:map <silent> <F8> :call TimeKeeper_ToggleTaskWindow()<cr>

And the should be it. Once you have done that once then you can set g:TimeKeeperStartOnLoad to
1 and then TimeKeeper will start every time vim loads.

## Important Changes ##

- The "local file" mechanism has changed. As the git hooks simply look for a local file and then
	use it, so should the plugin. It also solves the problem of backing up the log file as it can
	be added to the repository. (although this is not a good idea as multiple machines can get out
	of step, if you do not follow good update protocol). 

- The format of the .timekeeper.tmk files have also changed. The most important change is that
	it now has sections for each of the users and devices that timekeeper is running on. This change
	will work silently and will bring a file forward. Older versions of the code will do strange but
	non-destructive things will the file. Older versions will remove the notes, the state and will
	take all the items from all users/machines and merge them into one group. Also, the first item
	that is found in the file is the one that will be updated.

	added to the timekeeper file. These notes are private (but not encrypted in-anyway)
	and can only be viewed via timekeeper by the user/host that created the note. So notes that are
	created on one machine will not be visible on another. Obviously, as the notes are not encypted
	these can be viewed in the file itself.

## Git Hooks ##

To set up the Git hooks you will need to do the following in the root directory of the git repository.

    ln -s ~/.vim/githooks/prepare-commit-msg .git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg
    ln -s ~/.vim/githooks/post-commit .git/hooks/post-commit

On Windows (not tested) you will need to copy them into hooks directory.

The above assumes you have these plugins installed locally, else you will need to amend the source of
the plugin, also it assumes that you don't already have these hooks, if you do then you will need
to integrate these with your current hooks. I assume just adding:

   .sh ~/.vim/githooks/prepare-commit-msg $1 $2 $3 

to the end of your current prepare-commit-msg (and do similar for post) will do the job you need.

## TODO ##

1. Sharing/concatenating times.
    As I work on more than one machine it would be nice to be able to collect the total time from
    all machines. This should be doable for user and jobs. As the sharing is being done via Git
	the changes should have been committed, so the times would have been committed to the repo
	before the sharing, only the total need to be collected.

2. Shared Notes.
    This is more complicated, as some notes might want to be kept private. So the notes should be
	able to be encrypted. Sadly the blowfish and zip crypto functions are not exposed a vimscript
	functions, so can''t be used. There is a blowfish.vim plugin that Yukihiro Nakadaira has
	written in pure vimscript, which might be the correct solution or a least nick his
	implementations of the bitwise functions and then write and use xxtea - which should be a
	bit quicker (but this is vimscript - so speed might not be a issue). Initially I might rot13
	all messages, as this will at least hide from casual view the other notes.

3. Auto Jobbing.
	I write code, bad code which never gets finished and is normally loaded with TODO, FIXME
	and the glorious HACK. These need to be auto added as jobs in the job list. Need to work
	out when the files need to be scanned as to not cause problems with typing and causing 
	un-expected pauses in the editor. Could be a problem with some of the bigger files that
	I have to work with.

4. Session Length.
	It would be really nice to know how much time I was actually adding to the project in this
	typing session. So would need to check for session breaks, periods of non-typing by clock
	time that is greater than an explicit length, and track that. Also be able to track time
	by the length of the session. I.e. total length of the working day, excluding breaks. Also
	for simple how well/efficiently I am working how much of my day was actually spent at the
	keyboard. (obviously adding design, testing and other non-keyboard working times will have to
	be handled.)

## Extra Contributor(s) ## 

	GitHub User: mhhf - Bug fixes for version 2.0.1

## Licence and Copyright ##
                    Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Peter Antoine
                             All rights Reserved.
                     Released Under the Artistic Licence

Commit message:

Version 2.1.0
commit "closes" issued in redmine when issue is "completed"
Now marks the items that have notes on them.
stops messing up the yank buffer when windows update.

readme.md, after:

# TimeKeeper #

Version 2.1.0

A timekeeper plugin for vim to track you using automatically.

## Introduction ##

This is a git plugin that will track the time you spend working on a project.

This plugin will keep track of the time spent in the editor. Will
try and workout how much time is being spent on the current activity,
and it will track this data by project and the specific job within that project.

The times that are collected from the editor are stored in a simple comma separated timesheet.
This should make it easy to use and import into different tools. It will stored
by default in the $(HOME)/timesheet.tmk. This is obviously configurable.

This plugin will also allow for the timesheet data to be added as a
git note. This will allow for the time to be read by software that
can read the contents of these notes.

The git notes are only added to the current branch for the current 
job, hopefully this will reduce the problems that git-notes have with
push/branching and merging.

The plugin will find other instances of vim with the plugin loaded, and the first one to load
will become the master server. All other instances will send there updates to the server. If the
current server disappears then the first to notice will become the new server. This will reduce
the chance of two instances losing time updates from other servers.

If you set up the git hooks that are provided, the timekeeper will also amend you commits to
allow for the timetracking information to be added to the end of your commits. This is in the
format that Redmine time tracking can read.

## Installation ##

Simply copy the contents of the plugin directory to the plugin directory in your git installation.

You can leave the configuration variables alone as these have sensible defaults and if you
put the following line in your .vimrc the timekeeper will start when you start typing:

    call TimeKeeper_StartTracking()

It would be a good idea to map the to toggle function to a key, i.e.:

	:map <silent> <F8> :call TimeKeeper_ToggleTaskWindow()<cr>

And the should be it. Once you have done that once then you can set g:TimeKeeperStartOnLoad to
1 and then TimeKeeper will start every time vim loads.

## Important Changes ##

- When an issue is closed. Any commit will have have Redmine "#closes" reference added.
- Issues with notes now have a marker.

## Git Hooks ##

To set up the Git hooks you will need to do the following in the root directory of the git repository.

    ln -s ~/.vim/githooks/prepare-commit-msg .git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg
    ln -s ~/.vim/githooks/post-commit .git/hooks/post-commit

On Windows (not tested) you will need to copy them into hooks directory.

The above assumes you have these plugins installed locally, else you will need to amend the source of
the plugin, also it assumes that you don't already have these hooks, if you do then you will need
to integrate these with your current hooks. I assume just adding:

   .sh ~/.vim/githooks/prepare-commit-msg $1 $2 $3 

to the end of your current prepare-commit-msg (and do similar for post) will do the job you need.

## TODO ##

1. Sharing/concatenating times.
    As I work on more than one machine it would be nice to be able to collect the total time from
    all machines. This should be doable for user and jobs. As the sharing is being done via Git
	the changes should have been committed, so the times would have been committed to the repo
	before the sharing, only the total need to be collected.

2. Shared Notes.
    This is more complicated, as some notes might want to be kept private. So the notes should be
	able to be encrypted. Sadly the blowfish and zip crypto functions are not exposed a vimscript
	functions, so can''t be used. There is a blowfish.vim plugin that Yukihiro Nakadaira has
	written in pure vimscript, which might be the correct solution or a least nick his
	implementations of the bitwise functions and then write and use xxtea - which should be a
	bit quicker (but this is vimscript - so speed might not be a issue). Initially I might rot13
	all messages, as this will at least hide from casual view the other notes.

3. Auto Jobbing.
	I write code, bad code which never gets finished and is normally loaded with TODO, FIXME
	and the glorious HACK. These need to be auto added as jobs in the job list. Need to work
	out when the files need to be scanned as to not cause problems with typing and causing 
	un-expected pauses in the editor. Could be a problem with some of the bigger files that
	I have to work with.

4. Session Length.
	It would be really nice to know how much time I was actually adding to the project in this
	typing session. So would need to check for session breaks, periods of non-typing by clock
	time that is greater than an explicit length, and track that. Also be able to track time
	by the length of the session. I.e. total length of the working day, excluding breaks. Also
	for simple how well/efficiently I am working how much of my day was actually spent at the
	keyboard. (obviously adding design, testing and other non-keyboard working times will have to
	be handled.)

## Extra Contributor(s) ##

	GitHub User: mhhf - Bug fixes for version 2.0.1

## Licence and Copyright ##
                    Copyright (c) 2012 - 2013 Peter Antoine
                             All rights Reserved.
                     Released Under the Artistic Licence
